Uh, that little girl
You play Zhu Yue
I promise you'll make an impact.
Ah sorry director
That's not my goal.
I'm still more focused on the musical side
It's not that I said you are a little girl movie
What music do you know?
Director Hou
Why don't we listen to the theme song first?
This song.
It was this little girl who participated in the production of the film
Old horse
Why do you think it's so hard for me?
Um, sorry, I want to ask
Are there many scenes in the hospital?
Not much, but important enough.
Well, if you can accept that I don't stop
maybe
I can think about it. OK.
I'll send it up right away to arrange your role
You don't have to stop.
Is this still you, old man?
Go away
Hey, okay, I'll ask him to play a game with you
You take me on the card for a week
No problem yes
I can finally meet Muse
Sister Nan, Sister Nan, come quickly
Why are you sick?
Sister Nan
My stomach hurts a little, please help me stay overnight
I can't hang up now, please
Hey, how does this work?
Sister Shengnuan, it doesn't matter.
You follow me and I will protect you.
This is the first time I know that blind monks can use this
Hiding behind and waiting for more teammates?
Yeah, are you yelling at me?
No no no no
Boss, can you please stop talking nonsense?
I'm teaching my Muse to play games
God K is a famous viper
He's not going to mock Christmas night himself
I'm not arguing right
Just mocking me
I don't play anymore
I'm not ahead of you.
I'm telling you what to leave alone
Just hide behind me and how can you surpass the enemy?
It's not the super teammate I clearly heard you say just now.
I mean if I die, please move on
I was hallucinating.
God K actually took Sheng Nuan to play games like a nanny
Really play?
What are you doing?
I am teaching Sister Nuan to play games